hi guys and welcome to my squad builder
episode 5 yep and it is a hybrid squad
and it's silver it's like really do some
squad and I'm jumping right in to my
goal keep I've got rickets that you're
making keeper for LA galaxy in the MLF
be having a an MLS defense sorry our
midfield and the sorry our attack this
because they were linked up but that's
not goalkeeper Donovan Ricketts got 0
para 81 pays pretty decent 39 short it
you won't really expect but 78 heading
is quite good for silver so moving on
I've got another much other centre-back
it's quite obvious its marble win cost
about 22,000 and it's a beast kin night
six pace and he's a centre-back it's
good because no one can really get past
and as they do and just capture him
mikoni run around him twice and still
managed to put a tackling so moving on
my left back is Vanitas the only good
left-back really he's got pace he's
colombian yep so there is my deaf fat am
i right back i believe is russell 88
pace 1800 pretty good nice um so to
clarify reckitt 2700 you can get which
is the cheapest one you could possibly
get any cheaper wine 22,000 and a par
about 4,000 russell 1800 possibly two
thousand and about 1,300 for my left
back so in total that will be roughly
30,000 moving on my center back so now
my center mid is Bradley did he played
in this area and his American to link up
with my son of Acts wouldn't recommend
him in the action team but this cause
but give me that extra chemistry to make
a 100 that's why I got him my right
sided attacking midfielder is laminar he
was five star skill but he's been
dropped to fourth start again
where he was to start with he's got 77
pay sending tissue in st. unite
dribbling that's probably why pretty
good there i right met in Alvarez serio
Honduras right mid for palm polymer
arrow so like that 90g pace khatri
complain about black and he is not got
the best of shots but it's quite good at
crossing one in but there we helpful
actually had somebody had the ball up
front my back attacking mid is uber are
you Barbary 87 pace which is pretty much
as any decent that were I suppose some
heat to passing 73 dribbling and seventy
two defenders pretty decent I don't know
really wild gotten as a center attack
image but just because he can tackle up
field to be quite tough as well but even
on my left MIT is Raphael mattino he's a
pretty good Left Ned he's forced our
skill he's got 89 face p67 Shelly
underrated he's left for it but although
he's really good with his right and he
did decent riblon for a silver and yeah
there's my left MIT and n need the video
I've got el kebir who plays for that
hurry please look I can't pronounce it
cagliari i think it is this area i cost
you about 3 30 Calvin just half I
Ricketts my defense costs about 30,000
midfield costs about 20,000 and my
strikers path back to town and just to
kick off I'm gonna push propel oh my
justice to make it hundred chemistry 69
rate ever underrated to be honest
just cause I think my defense should be
848 so thanks for watching guys and I'll
see in the next video